Congratulations, on reaching
the end of this course.
I'm Tim Buchalka, in case you didn't
recognise the voice and the ugly mug.
I recorded the videos in this course.
So this quick video is designed
to get some valuable programming,
free information, into your hands today.
So firstly, here's access to a tonne
of information, as I mentioned,
including the slides to this
"Oracle Java 11 Exam" course.
You know when I was studying
way back in the 1980s,
which I know was a long time ago,
it was hard to succeed
as a programmer.
There was no internet for starters.
But also other than books,
or universities, or colleges,
there really was no way
to basically talk to anyone,
or get access to the information
you needed to succeed.
So you were largely on your own,
in other words.
So I wanted to change all that
and give you all the tools
and information you need to succeed.
And as such, I'm trying to pass on
my wisdom and experience,
to make your goals
of becoming a programmer,
or getting a better programming job,
make that goal a reality for you.
So I'm gonna promise you here,
here and now, that the information
that I put together is really useful,
to you as a developer.
And it will make a difference.
So let me explain the information
I'm giving away to you free today.
So firstly, I'm giving you free access
to my "Learn to Code" course.
And in this course,
it's different to the courses
that I've been producing on Udemy,
because it's designed to help
you understand how programming works,
but how computers work,
under the hood.
So I'm talking right down
to circuits and switches,
how the hardware works.
But also how computers talk
in only one language,
binary and machine code.
Things of that nature,
which you don't normally learn
in a particular course.
All of this though, is designed
to teach you information you need
from a perspective of a programmer,
so it's gonna help you, and make you,
a better programmer long term.
That's the sole aim in that course.
So you'll get access to that free.
Next, I'm gonna give
you free access again,
to my "Programmer's Guide"
in eBook format.
Now that also has over 100
related videos, which you'll get...
(laughs) If I can get it out.
Access to as well, on all aspects
of your programming career.
So the eBook and videos
collectively, answer pretty well
all the important questions.
Certainly, the majority
of them relating
to basically programming careers.
Some of the example questions
that it actually answers is,
how long does it take
to become a developer?
Whether you need a degree
to make it as a developer?
What's the number one skill
you need to have to succeed
as a programmer?
Now are you too old
to become a developer?
And one other one,
do you need to be good at math
to succeed as a programmer?
But there's a tonne more.
Over 100 as I mentioned.
I think it's 106 videos,
as of the date
that I'm recording this video.
And you'll get all of those,
the answers to those questions.
And look, I even take requests
for future videos.
So if you got a particular
question, and it's not answered
in the over 100 I've already answered,
send me a message,
and I'll actually do a video
on that as well.
So basically, anything you need to know
about your programming career,
is answered in the eBook,
and also the related videos.
What else, you still want more?
Didn't I say this is all free anyway?
I'm selling something
that's for free, anyway.
But seriously though,
I'll also give you access
to my "Programmer's Career Paths" eBook.
Now this is something
that is really important.
Because it shows you the exact courses
that you need to study
to achieve your career goals.
So in other words as an example,
do you wanna be a web developer?
I'll give you the low down
on the specific courses
you need to become a web developer.
Do you wanna say,
write cross-platform apps
for mobile apps, for IOS and Android?
Study these courses.
Again, I'll go through
those particular courses.
Perhaps you wanna get
into the Java enterprise space.
Wanna do that?
Study these courses.
So on and so forth.
So I'm putting the finishing touches
now to that guide.
And depending when
you're watching this video,
it may already be available.
But if not, it won't be far away.
Either case, you'll be getting access
to that particular eBook
for free, as well.
All right lastly,
cause I know this video
is dragging on a bit.
The Learn Programming Academy's channel,
has 40 other courses here on Udemy.
So I'm gonna give you the information,
a bit of a summary on what each
of those courses are all about.
But also with a big discount link,
to get them at the best
price possible, as well.
So what's the catch here?
How much to pay? (laughs)
Seriously though,
I'm not really a salesman.
No catch, it's 100% free.
Now also remember,
that you'll get access to the slides
for this course, as well, totally free.
All right, so how do
you access this material?
Well download the eBook
that's right in this lecture,
that you're watching right now.
Just click on the resources
that you can see onscreen now,
on this particular lecture.
And click on the bonus PDF,
which you can see there.
Open it up, and it's got
everything that you need to access
all the information,
that I've talked about here today.
So thanks for watching.
And you may find you need
to be logged onto a computer
to get the eBook,
because it may or may not
show up if you're on a mobile device.
So if you don't see it showing up
when you're clicking on resources,
or in fact resources doesn't show up,
log into a computer,
and you should have access to that.
And just click it, as I said,
open it up.
And the information's in that PDF.
But if you do get stuck,
drop me a message on Udemy.
And I'll get back to you,
and make sure that you do
actually get the access
to that PDF today.
All right so get to it.
Download the eBook right now,
while you'll remember.
And thanks again for watching.
And I look forward to hearing
about your future success.